Date and time/new date methods (#47041)
rails/rails: activesupport/CHANGELOG.md

    *Jean Boussier*

> *   New methods to check if current date is start of month or end of month, returns boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `DateAndTime#is_start_of_month?`, `DateAndTime#is_beginning_of_month?`, and `DateAndTime#is_end_of_month?` to check if current date is start of month or end of month, returns boolean.

```

I could be wrong about the class/module there, but we generally want to specify _which_ methods are being added in the changelog.

Also, there should be a new line between paragraphs.

    ```
    Time.zone.today.is_start_of_month?
    Date.current.is_start_of_month?

    Time.zone.today.is_beginning_of_month?
    Date.current.is_beginning_of_month?

    Time.zone.today.is_end_of_month?
    Date.current.is_end_of_month?

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

```

New line :bow:
